good girls of united one more day to the
channel and in the video what I wanted was
show you a makeup that you can do
that is super simple for the beginning of
the classes because I know there are a lot
of you who has already started the
classes and others that you're going to start very
soon so thought of a super look
nice that you can do for the
mornings I am very easy and fast and I know that
many of you - makeups so
except me when I went to classes I never
I made up I see many others it's a little
more flirtatious if you like it so make-up
put a little bit more stuff in the
face so the makeup that I thought
do for this video is very simple
but at the same time it's feminine and it shows that
you are made up man you do not notice that
you carry 8,000 shadows but you get that
you are a little more arranged and if you
I want to see how I've made him follow
definitely watching for day to day
I advise a lot of a baby crime
because it is super light and has a look
very natural and it is very very easy to put
in the morning when you have a lot
in a hurry because he simply applies it
as if it was a moisturizer
for the eyebrows I'm going to fill in the
simply with the pencil that always
I use and I'm going to blur them so that
look even more natural and we go with
the proofreader I've been using this one
kiko every day since I've
bought because it looks great on the skin
and I have very dry skin, I do not know
dry for nothing to me it makes me in lines
of expression so for now I
love it and I'm applying it right in
the area of ​​the atopic dark circles and
fix all the liquid products that
I just put it, I'm applying a
translucent powder
I seem to go every day to school
with the black line is too much or so
less for me so a line a
outlined brown with a brown shadow
very subtle and blurred I think that
it looks great and also makes the eyes
also very much the attention for
mark a little bit more lashes I'll
to use a brown shadow rossi is
clarita at the back of the eyelashes just
the external part
and do not miss the mascara
please, I'm going to put on my mask
eyelashes on both the tabs above
like in the ones below and I'll use again
my favorite eyelash mask of all
times as I always say it is the
lore to the volume is the sre and I love
it's super black, it separates you a lot
eyelashes is perfect in terms of
blusher I love blushes in
cream because they give a super natural look
so to go to classes every day
I think the cream blushes are
ideals this time I'm using one of
schleck that has one that is a color
pink clarito precious and I'm going to
blur with the brush and I'm also going to
blur it with my fingers I do not know why
what but lately I'm getting
the blusher before putting on the
bronzer so I go with the bronzer
now and I'm going to put it on my forehead
on the cheekbones a little bit on the bridge
of the nose and also on the chin
what better than a Vaseline with color
for the day to day to go to classes for
go to work to me I love this
Vaseline because it is very easy
apply you do not need a mirror no
you need to be concentrated simply
you put it on chairs I hope you have
liked the look of today and if any of
you recreate it and forget us
send me a photo on twitter or
instagram because I love seeing our
boots and I try to comment whenever I
you send a photo or me labels
some photo and do not forget to put a
camps to a like in this video is being
looking for whom we subscribe see you
in the next one until then